JOB-A-THON - May 2021
Credit Card Lead Prediction

AIM: The Happy Customer Bank wants to cross sell its credit cards to its existing customers.
     Expectation is to help in identifying customers that could show higher intent towards a recommended credit card.

S/W use: Pycharm IDE ,Python,ML Libraries

Approach:1.Exploratory Data Analysis(Univariate, Bivariate)Visualization 
         of class imbalancement ,Plotting graphs of features to find any 
         meaningful insight
         Data Preprocessing--Insight of Data,Dropping null values, Replacing with desired values 
         Model Building-- Used Stratified KFold cross validation technique to get auc_roc_score
         Tried out 2 different models(XGBM Boosting method, Light Gradient Boosting(LGB) method.
         Testing--Generated test predictions, Created submission file for final evaluation for the contest.

         2.In Data Processing, firstly checked the nature of the data(ie shape,datatypes,Null values,etc)
          Then carried out EDA(Univariate analysis and Bivariate analysis to understand how the feature variables are
          contributing to Target variable(Is_Lead) with the help of Graphs(Matplotlib,seaborn libraries in python).
          Created clean data by removing unwanted variables,filling Null values for further process.
      
        3. After EDA, next step was to finally calculate auc_roc_score based on model used and append the predicted probabilities to submission file.
           I tried, LGBclassifier, Xgbm Classifier,RFclassifier. Out of which LGBclassifier gave 0.851076578927776 score on leaderboard.
           It performed better than other models.Took less time to execute as compared to Xgbm classifier .RF classifier didnt worked well so I didn't include 
           that part in the code.
           And the final submission is based on LGBclassifier with auc-roc_score  0.8486211556597633.
           The reason I selected Boosting algorithms as these algorithm combines number of weak learners to strong learners.Also, LGB classifier handles Categorical values 
           very well and takes lesser time to run on huge dataset.It basically uses tree-based algorithm and follows leaf-wise approach while other algos work in a level-wise approach.
          